Allow overriding all billing fields on request (#985)
Shopify/shopify-node-api: docs/reference/billing/request.md

Whether to return the `confirmationUrl` as a `string`, or to return a more detailed object (see below).

> > **Note**: You can override any billing configuration fields at request time by passing them into your `billing.request` call.

Reviewer: Lets add an example here!

```suggestion
### Plan Overrides
You can override any billing configuration fields at request time by passing them into your `billing.request` call.

```
  const billingResponse = await shopify.billing.request({
    session: callback.session,
    plan: 'My billing plan',
    isTest: true,
    trialDays: 4, // Overrides the trial days set in 'My billing plan'
    amount: 13 // Overrides the amount set in 'My billing plan'
    
    returnObject: true,
  });

  res.redirect(billingResponse.confirmationUrl);
});
```
```
